[TASK] Improve Condition page (#490)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TSconfig: Documentation/UsingSetting/Conditions.rst

    # Check if page is on level 0:
    [tree.level == 0]
        // Your settings go here
    [end]

..  index:: Conditions; tree.pagelayout
..  _condition-tree-pagelayout:

tree.pagelayout
---------------

..  confval:: tree.pagelayout
    :name: condition-tree-pagelayout
    :type: integer / string

    Check for the defined backend layout of a page including the inheritance of
    the field :guilabel:`Backend Layout (subpages of this page)`. Only available in page TSconfig,
    not in user TSconfig.

..  _condition-tree-pagelayout-example:

Example: Condition applies on pages with a certain backend layout
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    # Use backend_layout records uids
    [tree.pagelayout == 2]
        // Your settings go here
    [end]

    # Use TSconfig provider of backend layouts
    [tree.pagelayout == "pagets__Home"]
        // Your settings go here
    [end]

..  index::
    Conditions; tree.rootLine
..  _condition-tree-rootLine:

tree.rootLine
-------------

..  confval:: tree.rootLine
    :name: condition-tree-rootLine
    :type: array

>     array of arrays with uid and pid. Only available in page TSconfig, not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An array of arrays with uid and pid. Only available in page TSconfig, not
```

    in user TSconfig.

..  _condition-tree-rootLine-example:

Example: Condition applies on all subpages of page
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    [tree.rootLine[0]["uid"] == 1]
        // Your settings go here
    [end]

..  index::
    Conditions; tree.rootLineIds
    Conditions; Pid in rootline
..  _condition-tree-rootLineIds:

tree.rootLineIds
----------------

..  confval:: tree.rootLineIds
    :name: condition-tree-rootLineIds
    :type: array

>     An array with UIDs of the rootline. Only available in page TSconfig, not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An array with UIDs of the root line. Only available in page TSconfig, not
```

..  _condition-backend-user-userGroupList:

backend.user.userGroupList
--------------------------

..  confval:: backend.user.userGroupList
    :name: condition-backend-user-userGroupList
    :type: string

    Comma list of group UIDs

..  _condition-backend-user-userGroupList-example:

Example: Condition applies if the groups of a user meet a certain pattern
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  todo: Does this example make sense? What does it really do?

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:site_package/Configuration/page.tsconfig

    [like(","~backend.user.userGroupList~",", "*,1,*")]
        // Your settings go here
    [end]

..  index:: Conditions; workspace
..  _condition-workspace:

workspace
---------

..  confval:: workspace
    :name: condition-workspace
    :type: Object

    object with workspace information

..  index:: Conditions; workspace.workspaceId
..  _condition-workspace-workspaceId:

workspace.workspaceId
---------------------

..  confval:: .workspaceId
    :name: condition-workspace-workspaceId
    :type: integer

    UID of current workspace.

..  _condition-workspace-workspaceId-example:

> Example: Condition applies only in a certain workspace

Author: Here we can use any workspace ID while the example bellow checks if we are in the life workspace. So I would keep the text as it currently is

> Example: Condition applies only in a certain workspace

Reviewer: Then maybe change the example to an arbitrary number (42).
